about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

# About Me

Hi — I'm Nikita, a tech builder and intrapreneur working at the edge of enterprise innovation.

I created this blog to document my journey as I transition from a reactive approach to life and technology toward a more intentional, strategic path — one that’s aligned with my values of health, family, and financial independence.

### What This Blog Covers

Here, I share real-time insights and experiments as I:
- Build alternative income streams from scratch
- Apply bleeding-edge technologies to practical problems
- Grow from intrapreneurship toward entrepreneurship
- Explore ways to improve systems, habits, and tools for better living

### Why I'm Writing in Public

This isn’t just for me — it’s for anyone who’s:
- Trying to regain control over their time and direction
- Curious how modern tech can create personal leverage
- Interested in systems, simplicity, and sustainable success

This is a builder’s journal — grounded, evolving, and open.

---

**This blog will evolve — just like I do.**  
As I learn, build, and move forward, the content, goals, and tools here will grow with me.  
You're witnessing the real thing, in motion.

---

## ☕ Support My Work

If you're enjoying the blog or using one of my open source tools:

- 🧑‍💻 [Sponsor me on GitHub](https://github.com/sponsors/nikitakoselev) — best for devs
- ☕ [Buy me a coffee](https://buymeacoffee.com/2o3yfdbjpo) — fast & easy

Your support helps me keep building useful, independent tools — and sharing everything I learn.

---

Commit message:

Add custom footer with support links and social profiles; update layout and about page

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

# About Me

Hi — I'm Nikita, a tech builder and intrapreneur working at the edge of enterprise innovation.

I created this blog to document my journey as I transition from a reactive approach to life and technology toward a more intentional, strategic path — one that’s aligned with my values of health, family, and financial independence.

### What This Blog Covers

Here, I share real-time insights and experiments as I:
- Build alternative income streams from scratch
- Apply bleeding-edge technologies to practical problems
- Grow from intrapreneurship toward entrepreneurship
- Explore ways to improve systems, habits, and tools for better living

### Why I'm Writing in Public

This isn’t just for me — it’s for anyone who’s:
- Trying to regain control over their time and direction
- Curious how modern tech can create personal leverage
- Interested in systems, simplicity, and sustainable success

This is a builder’s journal — grounded, evolving, and open.

---

**This blog will evolve — just like I do.**  
As I learn, build, and move forward, the content, goals, and tools here will grow with me.  
You're witnessing the real thing, in motion.

---

## 🔗 Connect With Me

- 🧑‍💻 [GitHub](https://github.com/nikitakoselev)
- 💼 [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/nikitakoselev)
- 🐦 [X (Twitter)](https://twitter.com/nikitakoselev)
- ✍️ [dev.to](https://dev.to/nikitakoselev)


---

## ☕ Support My Work

If you're enjoying the blog or using one of my open source tools:

- 🧑‍💻 [Sponsor me on GitHub](https://github.com/sponsors/nikitakoselev) — best for devs
- ☕ [Buy me a coffee](https://buymeacoffee.com/2o3yfdbjpo) — fast & easy

Your support helps me keep building useful, independent tools — and sharing everything I learn.

---
